Mountain link the most notorious guides
leading the most notorious adventures
pog climber the vertical through digital
spring has arrived in himalayan
mountains of Nepal with it the annual
flock of people to the everest region is
about to begin recognition through media
such as into thin air and everest imax
will bring to the area over 1000 people
making up nearly 55 expeditions trying
to reach the summit of Mount Everest at
the same time eighty miles to the west
nine climbers will attempt the seventh
highest mountain in the world dhaulagiri
at 26,000 794 feet its slopes are virgin
compared to Everest and its summit has
seen a mere fraction of the people
pushing bolt their physical and mental
abilities to the limits these
experienced climbers will discover what
Himalayan mountaineering was like before
guiding and easy access allow the
average armchair climber to summit the
world's highest peak
most importantly on this climb they will
find out why doll Aguirre has become
more than Everest
blimey culture adventure and spiritual
awareness
take point releases remember coming off
under man kicking shit like that
dhaulagiri an expedition less ordinary
coming soon for download exclusively
from pod climber
Mountain link the most notorious guides
leading the most notorious adventures
pod climber calm the vertical through
digital